														<--- Introduction to App --->
This webapp is a basic categorization app.We can categorize the input data into different categories and can also search the category of a input data.
Features includes:-
	1) Simple and easy to use frontend.
	2) Api to store multiple data entries to database.
	3) Api to call data stored in database,
	4) Frontend and Api to categorize data.

														   <--- How to Setup --->							
The application includes of two parts serverside script and frontend,so to setup the application first we need to install Node.js along with some modules     "async": "^2.6.1" ,"body-parser": "^1.18.3", "ejs": "^2.6.1","eslint": "^5.9.0","express": "^4.16.4","mysql": "^2.16.0". We also need to have a server (apache or any other server ) installed along with mysql.
Before we run our script open text editor and change the password variable in both pre-app.js and app.js to your server's password. 
Now after installing the application we need to run the following commands on the console.
	1)  node pre-app.js
This command will create a mysql database on the server.Now we can run our script.Now run the following command.
	2)  node app.js
That's it we have succesfully installed our script on the server at portno- 3000. We are good to go.

														   <--- How to run ---->
Open your browser and type following in the url box.
	1) localhost:3000 
This will open your server at port 3000. Now you should see a layout(frontend) with multiple input and classify options.
Now we can classify our data. 
But wait......
Which Data ???
First we have to build our database you can see in the Previous Data Option that we have no data what so ever in our database, So let's enter some data.
Now your favourite Animals Fruits and Flowers in Data Input Form and Submit the form. Horray you have entered your data into the database. Add some more data then would be more fun.
Now let's start classifying. Input the name of data you want to classify in the classifaction Form and Submit the form. Now you should see your data classified according to its category. Do some more data experiment with the app. Its fun + it also helps you classify your data.
Enjoy...


														    <--- Developer --->
														    	Gaurav Gill
														    3rd Year, IIT Ropar
														        8930576000
														   2016eeb1077@iitrpr.ac.in



														   
	Please contact me for any queries and suggestions about the app.
